2. Which cricket team has won most ICC Cricket World Cup titles?
(a)  West Indies

(b)  India

(c)  England

(d)  Australia

Ans. d


3. Which of the following country did not won the ICC Cricket World Cup (50 over format) title so far?

(a)  England

(b)  South Africa

(c) New Zealand

(d) All of the above

Ans.  d


4. Which of the following Indian player have got first “Man of the Tournament” Award in the ICC Cricket World Cup?

(a)  Sachin Tendulkar

(b) Yuvraj Singh

(c) Mohinder Amarnath

(d) M.S. Dhoni

Ans. a


5. When was first ICC cricket World Cup started?

(a)  1972

(b)  1975

(c)  1985

(d) 1979

Ans. b


7. Who is the youngest player in the ICC Cricket World Cup 2019?

(a)  Jonny 'Blaze' Bairstow

(b)  Yuzvendra chahal

(c)  Mujeeb ur Rahman

(d) Kagiso Rabada

Ans. c

8. Which Indian cricketer had won the “Man of the Match” award in the final of the ICC World Cup 1983?

(a) Kapil Dev

(b) Sunil Gavaskar

(c)  Ravi Shastri

(d)  Mohinder Amarnath

Ans. d


10. Which of the following country has hosted the ICC World Cup most times?

(a)  England

(b)  India

(c)  Australia

(d)  West Indies

Ans. a



close

Facebook
Tweet
+
 Question 3 / 8  
38 %
Which cricketer has scored the most ducks at the World Cup?

Ajit Agarkar

Sachin Tendulkar

Krishnamachari Srikkanth

Javagal Srinath


All (8)
 

Unanswered (6)
 

Answered (2)
 Which cricketer has the best economy rate at the World Cup?  Which cricketer has the best bowling average at the World Cup?  Which cricketer has scored the most ducks at the World Cup?  How much did Sunil Gavaskar score for India in its very first World...  Who was the highest wicket-taker for India during the historic 1993...  Which Cricketer has scored the most runs at the World Cup?  Against which country did India score their lowest total at the World...  Who was the captain of the Indian team during the first World Cup in...



Who was the captain of the Indian team during the first World Cup in England in 1975?

Srinivasaraghavan Venkataraghavan

Abid Ali

Sunil Gavaskar

Gundappa Viswanath


All (8)
 

Unanswered (1)
 

Answered (7)
 Which cricketer has the best economy rate at the World Cup?  Which cricketer has the best bowling average at the World Cup?  Which cricketer has scored the most ducks at the World Cup?  How much did Sunil Gavaskar score for India in its very first World...  Who was the highest wicket-taker for India during the historic 1993...  Which Cricketer has scored the most runs at the World Cup?  Against which country did India score their lowest total at the World...  Who was the captain of the Indian team during the first World Cup in...



7. In which year, overs in Cricket World Cup reduced to 50 from 60?
(a) 1986
(b) 1987
(c) 1988
(d) 1989